{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 CorePrepKC Educational Page\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Page a\par
\b Website Information\par
\b0 CorePrepKC is an educational website that provides training and resources to urban homeschool families in Kansas City, Missouri. The goal of this website is to provide alternative and/or supplemental education to families who are interested in homeschooling their children, but are seeking assistance with developing engaging cirriculum, learning teaching styles, staying current on research trends and help with behvioral planning. The CorePrepKC website creates a unique homeschool experience by combining experential learning, technology and socialization. Homeschool families have the option to download experiential learning packages based on location. Families then download materials that will begin a hands on adventure into learning. The website provides several products:\line 1. Experiential Education Packages: Based on famous landmarks and locations in the city, families will utilize technology, interact with local businesses, complete assignments and conduct surveys.\par
2. Latest Trends: Articles and news stories relavent to homeschool families.\par
3. Resource Page: Provides a list of services in the Kansas City, Mo metro area that can be utilized by homeschool families.\par
4.Behavioral Guides and Interventions Page: Mental health resources to provide homeschool families with tools and strategies to better address behaviroal issues. Also includes links mental health professionals in the area.\par
5. Community Page: A place for families to socialize, plan meet-ups, address concerns and make comments. Community page will also provide links to CorePrepKC social media accounts and message boards eg. (Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Discord).\par
\b\par
About the Educator\par
\b0 I'm Jamaal Farahkhan, I have a 20-year blended career of Intelligence Analysis and Human Services that equipped me to develop a curriculum for urban homeschool families. I conducted Intelligence Operations for 10-years in support of military personnel in the Mediterranean Sea, Red Sea, Arabian Gulf, Indian Ocean, Iraq and Afghanistan. I utilized GIS system to supply maritime, aeronautical, geographical, imagery, geological updates, analysis and dissemination of information to operators. I worked on a Counter-Terrorism Database, applying a multidisciplinary approach in support of deployed military units. My degree in Psychology has afforded me knowledge and experience working with urban families.  I improved my own interpersonal skills by empathetically assisting individuals struggling with difficult life issues. While working in Human Services, I have gathered skills that translate well into developing products for homeschool families. I have successfully combines experiential learning, technology and psychology to create an engaging supplemental education system.\par
\b Projects/Experience OR Let's Learn Page Content. (Can be 2 Pages)\par
\b0 PokemonGo In the Park: Experiential Learning that incorporates technology, physical activity, reading skills and measurements. The CorePrepKC website provides guidance and worksheets to help familes enjoy playing Pokemon in their community, while also developing geospatial and math skills.\par
Star Wars: Experiential Learning games that is fun, fast and physical.  The purpose of this game is to increase communication skills.\line\line Gardening Videos: Urban Agriculture is base CorePrepKC teaches from. The Website will include various how to videos on related topics.\par
Behavioral Worksheets: CorePrepKC will provide culturally relavent behaviors guides and worksheets. This will teach parents to utilize resources that are already helping children grow and learn better self-regulation and decision making.\par
Nature Identification Guides: CorePrepKC teaches a lot through nature, therefore will provide "Reccee guides" for local trees, flowers, grasses, shrubs, birds.\line\par
E-Trainings: CorePrepKC constantly develops educational prodcucts for download. This includes educational prodcucts created in Canva and PowerPoint. These products are targeted towards urban youth and familes.\par
\par
\par
\b Reflection/Teaching Philosophy OR References & Resources Page Content.4 paragraphs (ideally one per year or topic you are reflecting on) OR (for the educational page) 4-5 references to resources or materials cited in your Let's Learn page.\par
\b0 My teaching style if a reflection of my early childhood years, cultural influences and education. My earliest memories were shaped in a rural town in Alabama. My family lived in a small cottage style house with a peach tree in the back yard. Many of our neighbors raised gardens and livestock. Weeping willows were beautiful making a walk to grandmothers house was a delight. The highlight of this existence was going intot he woods across from my grandmothers house and running through the woods as fast as I could. Times were good. Life events caused my family to move into an inner city housing project during the peak of the 1980's crack era. The change was drastic, so was the difference in the quality of education and student performance. But, there were some excellent students, even in the worst performing schools I've attended. I believe too often we pin socioeconimic factors too broadly as the culprit.  At CorePrepKC we use an evidence based approach to focus on the factors that can be influenced regardless of economic status.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Focus Areas\par
1.Presence of books and media in the home\par
\i\tab My parents attended institutions of higher education, both were readers and invested in the media of the time. Even in elementary school my home had fiction books, magazines, religious books, old college text, enclylpedias and others. I quickly realized most of my peers in the city did not have library's at their homes.  I also realized that some of the materials I would read at home was not covered in school.  Depending on the subject, teachers were also clueless. There is a decent amound of research to support the impact books in the home have on early literacy.\i0\par
2. Access to Subject Matter Experts\par
\tab\i It takes a villiage to raise a kid, therefore homeschool parents cannot be expected to possess all the knowledge a child needs. I had great mentors outside of my parents growing up. There are still subject matter experts (SME) in the community who would love to pass on knowlege and skills to homeschool families that are eager to learn. Using todays technology, CorePrepKC hopes to better connect the community into the education of its children.\i0\par
3. Hands on Experience\par
\tab\i Often students learn skills but do not continue to mastery because  they do not use the skills. By employing montissari techniques, experiential learning and SME led trainings, students will have an oppurtunity to test their skills in a real world enviornment.\par
\i0 4.Oppurtunities to employ the knowledge and skills learned.\par
\i\tab Most of us have heard the oft-qouted phase "When will I never use this in life" from students, children and oursevles during the education process. By helping students form relationships with local businesses and industry, students can tailor their toolbelt towards their industry of choice.\par
\ul\i0 Supporting Research\ulnone\par
  Cramer, Elizabeth, et al. \ldblquote Challenges of\~ Urban Educators in\~ Implementing State\~ Standards for Students\~ with Disabilities.\rdblquote  Education and Urban Society, vol. 53, no. 9, 2021, pp. 1001\f1\endash 18.\par
  Haradhan, Mohajan. \ldblquote The Second Industrial Revolution Has Brought Modern Social and Economic Developments.\rdblquote  Journal of Social Sciences and Humanities, vol. 6, no. 1, 2020, pp. 1\endash 14.\par
  Johnson, Kevin. \ldblquote Chronic Poverty: The Implications of Bullying,\~ Trauma, and the Education of the Poverty-Stricken.\rdblquote  European Journal of Educational Sciences, Oct. 2019.\par
  Jordan, Jeffrey, et al. \ldblquote Rural and Urban High School Dropout Rates:\~ Are They Different?\rdblquote  Rural and Urban High School Dropout Rates:\~ Are They Different?, vol. 27, no. 12, 2012, pp. 1\endash 21.\par
  Korkmaz, G\f0\'fcne\f2\'ba, et al. \ldblquote Paradigm Shift in Education in the Post-COVID-19\~ World: Is Decentralized Education Possible?\rdblquote  International Journal of\~ Curriculum and Instruction, vol. 13, no. 3, 2021, pp. 3318\f1\endash 43.\par
  Lopez, Patricia, et al. \ldblquote Equity Issues in Parental and Community\~ Involvement in Schools: What Teacher\~ Educators Need to Know.\rdblquote  Review of Research in Education, vol. 37, Mar. 2013, pp. 149\endash 82.\par
  Sheldon, Steve, and Joyce Epstein. \ldblquote Getting Students to School: Using Family and Community Involvement to Reduce Chronic Absenteeism.\rdblquote  The School Community Journal, vol. 14, 2004, pp. 39\endash 56.\par
\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Page b.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Page c.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Page d.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Page e.\par
}
 